fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25238990/keto-meatballs-recipe/

Subject: Keto Meatballs

In a large bowl combine beef, garlic, mozzarella, Parmesan, parsley, egg, salt, and pepper. Form into 16 meatballs. 
In a large skillet over medium heat, heat oil. Add meatballs and cook, turning occasionally, until golden on all sides, about 10 minutes. Remove from skillet and place on a paper towel-lined plate. 
To the same skillet, add onion and cook until soft, 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, 1 minute more. Add tomatoes and oregano and season with salt and pepper. 
Add meatballs back to skillet, cover and simmer until sauce has thickened, 15 minutes. Garnish with Parmesan before serving.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a24751868/christmas-light-cookies-recipe/

Subject: Christmas Light Cookies

In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl using a hand mixer, beat Country Crock Baking Sticks and sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg and vanilla and beat to combine. Stir in dry ingredients until just combined.
Shape disk into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate until chilled, 1 hour. 
Preheat oven to 325° and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. . Lightly flour a clean surface and roll out dough to 1/4" thick. Cut out 3" rounds and place on prepared baking sheets. Freeze 30 minutes. 
Bake until edges are lightly golden, 16 to 18 minutes. Let cool completely. 
Meanwhile make icing: In a medium bowl, stir together powdered sugar, corn syrup, and milk until smooth. Add milk a few drops at a time to thin, if necessary. 
Frost each cookie with about 1 tablespoon of icing, using the back of a spoon to smooth icing in an even circle. 
Use black decorating gel to draw two thin lines across cookie to mimic string of lights. Stick M&Ms along black line as lights. Let set. 

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a24749596/red-velvet-crinkle-cookies-recipe/

Subject: Red Velvet Crinkle Cookies

Preheat oven to 350° and line 2 baking sheets with parchment. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. 
In another large bowl using a hand mixer, beat Country Crock Baking Sticks and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time and beat after each addition then add vanilla. Add dry ingredients and mix until just combined. 
Roll about 1 tablespoon of dough into a ball, then roll ball in powdered sugar. Repeat with remaining dough then reroll each ball in powdered sugar again. 
Arrange balls about 1" apart on prepared baking sheets and bake until cookies have flattened and set in the middle, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool on trays 5 minutes, then transfer to wire rack to let cool completely. 

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25241416/five-cheese-ziti-al-forno-olive-garden-copycat/

Subject: 5-Cheese Ziti Al Forno

 Preheat oven to 375. Grease a 9”-x-13” baking dish with cooking spray. In a large pot of salted, boiling water, cook ziti until al dente. Drain and set aside.
Make alfredo: In a large, high-sided skillet over medium heat, melt butter. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Whisk in flour and cook until the mixture is bubbling and golden, 1 minute more. Slowly pour in half-and-half, whisking constantly. Bring mixture to a simmer and stir in ½ cup Parmesan. Let simmer until the sauce thickens, 2 to 3 minutes, then season with salt and pepper.
Stir in marinara, 1 cup mozzarella, fontina, romano, and ricotta, then add pasta and toss until everything is well coated. Transfer to prepared baking dish.
In a small bowl, mix together remaining ½ cup Parmesan and Panko. Sprinkle evenly over top of dish. Bake until golden and bubbly, about 30 minutes.5. Garnish with parsley and serve.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25242232/mistletoe-margaritas-recipe/

Subject: Mistletoe Margaritas

In a medium bowl, toss cranberries with 1/4 cup lime juice. Drain out lime juice, then toss with 2 tablespoons sugar. Pour onto a baking sheet to dry.
Combine remaining sugar with salt on a shallow plate and mix to combine. Using the lime wedge, wet the rim of each glass, then dip in sugar salt mixture.
Combine cranberry juice, tequila, triple sec, lime juice, and ice in a large blender. Blend until smooth. Pour into prepared glasses and garnish with a sprig of mint and a couple sugared cranberries.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25136891/taco-bell-quesadilla-recipe/

Subject: Copycat Taco Bell Quesadilla

Make sauce: in a medium bowl, whisk together mayo, jalapeño juice, minced jalapeños, garlic powder, cumin, paprika, and cayenne. Season with kosher salt. 
To another medium bowl, add chicken. Toss chicken with half of the quesadilla sauce. Set the rest aside for dipping.
 In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add a flour tortilla. Top with 2 slices of American cheese and ½ cup chicken, then sprinkle with ½ cup Monterey Jack. Place second tortilla on top. Cook until the bottom tortilla is golden, about 2 minutes, then flip and cook until the second tortilla is golden and the cheese has melted, about 2 more minutes.
Repeat process with remaining ingredients to make 3 more quesadillas. Slice into wedges and serve warm with remaining sauce for dipping.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25238263/keto-cereal-recipe/

Subject: Keto Cereal

Preheat oven to 350° and grease a baking sheet with cooking spray. In a large bowl, mix together almonds, walnuts, coconut flakes, sesame seeds, flax seeds, and chia seeds. Stir in cloves, cinnamon, vanilla, and salt. 
Beat egg white until foamy then stir into granola. Add coconut oil and stir until everything is well coated. Pour onto prepared baking sheet and spread into an even layer. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until golden, gently stirring halfway through. Let cool completely.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a24684549/lasagna-bolognese-recipe/

Subject: Lasagna Bolognese

In a large dutch oven over medium-high heat, heat oil. Add onion, carrot, and celery, and cook until soft, 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook until fragrant, 1 minute more. Stir in beef breaking up meat with back of a spoon. Cook until no longer pink, about 8 minutes. 
Add wine, and bring mixture to a simmer. Cook until wine is mostly reduced. Stir in tomatoes, tomato paste, stock, and bay leaf, then reduce heat and simmer for 1 hour, allowing flavors to meld. 
Discard bay leaf, then gradually stir in milk. Let simmer, stirring occasionally, until milk is fully incorporated, about 45 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.
Assemble lasagna: Preheat oven to 375°. In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook pasta according to package directions. Drain. 
In a medium bowl, combine ricotta, egg, ¾ cup Parmesan, oregano, and red pepper flakes. Season with salt and pepper. 
Add a thin layer of bolognese to the bottom of a 9”-x-13” baking dish. Add a layer of noodles then top with ricotta mixture and sauce, then repeat layers. Top last layer of noodles with bolognese, mozzarella, and remaining ¼ cup Parmesan. 
Cover with foil and bake for 40 minutes, then remove foil and bake 20 minutes or until cheese is melty and sauce is bubbling. 
Garnish with parsley before serving. 

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/recipes/a23297/coconut-cream-pie-recipe-del1014/

Subject: Coconut Cream Pie

In a small bowl, whisk egg yolks with sugar, cornstarch, and a pinch of salt. Mixture will be crumbly. 
Then, to a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, add milk, coconut milk, and vanilla and bring just to a simmer. Once simmering, slowly add a ladleful of the warm milk to the egg mixture, whisking constantly, until combined. Slowly pour egg mixture into the saucepan, whisking to incorporate. Let cook until very thick, 2-3 minutes more, whisking constantly. 
Remove from heat, strain through a fine mesh strainer into a large bowl, and stir in butter. Let sit, or refrigerate with a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the custard, and cool completely.
Make whipped cream: In a medium bowl, add heavy cream, vanilla, and powdered sugar. Using a handheld mixer or whisk, whip until stiff peaks just begin to form.
Assemble pie: Fill pie crust with cooled coconut custard, smooth out, and transfer to the refrigerator until completely set, about 2 hours more. Then, top with a heaping pile of whipped cream and sprinkle with toasted coconut.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25238365/aloo-gobi-indian-cauliflower-recipe/

Subject: Aloo Gobi

In a large skillet over medium-high heat, heat oil. Add chili, garlic, and ginger and cook until fragrant, 1 minute. Add garam masala, turmeric, and cayenne and cook until toasted, 1 minute more. 
Add potatoes, cauliflower, and vegetable broth and season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat and cook, covered, until potatoes and cauliflower are tender, 15 minutes. Garnish with cilantro to serve.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a24750077/cheesecake-stuffed-snickerdoodles-recipe/

Subject: Cheesecake Stuffed Snickerdoodles

Preheat oven to 325° and line 4 baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, and salt. 
None
fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25102459/easy-pineapple-fried-rice-recipe/

Subject: Pineapple Fried Rice

 In a large skillet over medium heat, heat oil. Add onion, peppers, and pineapple and cook until vegetables are soft and pineapple is caramelized, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic and cashews and cook until fragrant, 1 minute more.
Stir in rice and peas, then add lime juice, soy sauce, and Sriracha. Cook to coat and warm rice, about 3 minutes more.
Push rice to one side of the skillet and add eggs. Stir constantly until almost fully cooked, then fold into rice mixture.
 Garnish rice with green onions and serve.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25103010/salmon-tacos-recipe/

Subject: Blackened Salmon Tacos

Pat salmon dry, if necessary, then evenly season all sides of the filets with salt, pepper, and Cajun spice.
In a large skillet over medium heat, heat oil. When oil is hot but not smoking, add salmon. Cook until deeply golden, about 5 to 6 minutes, then flip and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, until salmon is opaque.
Let rest and cool slightly, then flake into large pieces.
Make pineapple avocado salsa: In a medium bowl, add mango, avocado, onion, tomatoes, and lime juice. Season with salt and toss to combine.
Assemble tacos: Top tortillas with salmon, avocado salsa, and cilantro. Serve with lime wedges for squeezing.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25238798/ricotta-pancakes-recipe/

Subject: Lemon Ricotta Pancakes

In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. 
In a separate bowl, whisk together milk and ricotta, then add eggs, one at a time. Stir in vanilla, lemon juice, and zest. 
Add wet ingredients to dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon until just combined. 
Melt butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. When butter is foamy, reduce heat to medium-low and ladle pancake batter into skillet. Cook until bubbles start to form in batter and pancake is golden underneath, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook other side until golden, another 3 minutes. 
Repeat with remaining batter. 
Serve with maple syrup and powdered sugar.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25136514/chicken-pasta-salad/

Subject: Chicken Pasta Salad

In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook fusilli according to package directions until al dente. Drain and transfer to large bowl. 
Season chicken breasts with garlic powder, salt, and pepper. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat oil. Cook chicken until golden and cooked through, 8 minutes per side. Let rest 10 minutes, then cut into 1" pieces.
Meanwhile, make dressing: In a medium bowl, whisk together oil, vinegar, Italian seasoning, garlic, and mustard. Season with salt and pepper.
In the large bowl with the pasta, toss together all remaining ingredients. Pour dressing over salad, toss until coated, and serve.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25137312/instant-pot-chicken-soup/

Subject: Instant Pot Chicken Noodle Soup

Turn Instant Pot to Sauté setting. Heat oil, then add onion, carrots, and celery. Cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are slightly tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Add garlic and thyme and cook until fragrant, 1 minute. Add bay leaves if using, then add chicken breasts and season generously with salt and pepper. Add broth and water and close lid. Set Instant Pot to Soup setting and set timer for 7 minutes.
When cooking is complete and air has been naturally released from Instant Pot, carefully remove lid and use tongs to remove chicken breasts onto a plate or cutting board. Using two forks, shred chicken, then return chicken to pot. Remove bay leaves and add egg noodles. Return Instant Pot to Sauté setting and cook, uncovered, until noodles are cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes.
Turn off Instant Pot and stir in pepper flakes and lemon juice if using. Ladle into bowls and top with parsley and more black pepper before serving.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a25137966/pan-fried-tilapia-recipe/

Subject: Pan-Fried Tilapia

In a large bowl, whisk together flour, garlic powder, onion powder, chili powder, and cumin. Whisk to combine.
Season tilapia filets generously with salt and pepper, then dip each in flour mixture, shaking off any excess flour. Place on a clean plate or baking sheet.
In a large, nonstick skillet over medium heat, heat oil. Add 2 filets and cook 3 to 4 minutes per side, until crust is golden and fish flakes easily with a fork. Repeat with remaining filets.
Serve immediately with cilantro and lime wedges.

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/g2837/cheesecake-recipes/

Subject: The 93 Most Delish Cheesecakes

None
fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/a19880909/low-carb-pizza-crust-recipe/

Subject: Low-Carb Pizza Crust (Keto Friendly!)

Preheat oven to 425°. Grease a small baking sheet with cooking spray. In a medium bowl, stir together eggs, 3 cups mozzarella, and parmesan. Season with salt and pepper, and spread mixture evenly on baking sheet.
Bake until lightly golden, about 12 to 15 minutes.

Spread pizza sauce on top of baked crust. Top with remaining 1 cup of mozzarella, pepperoni, mushrooms, and olives. 

Bake until cheese is melted and crust is crispy, about 15 minutes more. Sprinkle with basil. Slice and remove from pan while still warm. 

fecthing https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/recipes/a57237/smashed-brussels-sprouts-recipe/

Subject: Smashed Brussels Sprouts

Preheat oven to 425° and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Prepare an ice bath in a large bowl. 
Blanch brussels sprouts: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add brussels sprouts and cook until bright green and very tender, about 10 minutes. Add brussels sprouts to ice bath to cool then drain. 
On a large baking sheet, toss blanched brussels sprouts with olive oil, garlic and thyme. Using the end of a small glass or mason jar, press down on the brussels sprouts to smash them into a flat patty. Season each smashed brussels sprout with salt and pepper, then sprinkle mozzarella and Parmesan on top.
Bake until the bottoms of the sprouts are crispy and the cheese is melted and golden, about 20 minutes. 
Garnish with parsley and serve warm.

total subjects: 19
